---
title: Who?
date:2023-10-08
---
# Who?

This can remain psuedo-nonymous, i.e. if you REALLY want to figure out who I am it wouldn't be that difficult, but I'll leave it to those people to do that themselves. 

Demographics upfront since that speaks to my writing style and worldview apparently:
- I'm 23, currently living in NYC, grew up in rural Eastern North Carolina. 
- Played 4 yrs of P5 D-I college baseball and acrued possibly the most laugh-able stat line in Division 1 history but I was on the team nonetheless. It's moreso the fact that I ws good enough to make it to that level and determined enough to stick out all 4 years even though it didn't go at all the way I had planned - as is life. 
- Undergrad in CS, Engineering & Math at private, rich southern school with religious mascot: old gold and black
- Now at an ivy league school finishing a masters in Computer Engineering: go lions, boo tigers
- I started a small company 3 years ago teaching kids how to do computer stuff: coding, GIMP, video editing etc. Makes a little money but not really growing at the moment. Ideally what I can end up doing full-time
- Work as a dev on small contracts for startups and a large-ish data/tech company
- Have a YouTube/Odysee channel where I talk about philosophy and play Minecraft
- What do I look like? Probably closest to the bully from some 90's movie but without a mullet. I cut mine about 5 years ago
- What do I sound like? Midwest, American af, maybe the south gave me an accent for a few choice words but the accent leaves much to be desired - plain ol' American
- I also do a bunch of other menial stuff - read, edit videos for ppl, play with tech, make websites, etc.

As we humans are, no amount of textual descriptions will do me justice but this is better than nothing. So this is me, I'm sure I'll drop more hints in things as these go but this is a start. 
