title: Virtues: Simplicity
date: 2023-10-10 

# Virtues: Simplicity

_this is a continuous thread of self-identifying 'virtues', or 'values' that I try to live my life by. Obviously I can only put forth effort to pursue simplicity in my work, life, etc. and I am perhaps guilty more than most of over-complicating things - but the point is that I recognize this as a virtue of who I wish to become. Over-complexity is not me, so I shall strive to become simple. I am also saying this to get out in front of things in the future. Ex: When I pose some complicated scheme for something, someone will look at this and say "This doesn't seem like it should come form a guy that talks about simplicity"- The entire point of this is to emphasize that I am bad at it or at least have much area to improve. I venerate simplicity, not embody it. I note this because I am supremely guilty of crafting schemes so complicated and unecessary I feel the need to write about how important simplicity is to me. Ironic this premable is perhaps emblematic of my consistent over-complication_

As the late Terry Davis once said: "An idiot admires complexity, A genius admires simplicity". I do not want to be an idiot. Simple. 

The world is growing in complexity - at least for those who seek it. And I find it so easy to complicate things in an effort to... prove something? For schoolwork it's likely to 'prove' understanding on a deep, concpetual level or just to fluff up the UI for a better grade. 

In my personal endeavors though, I can't seem to figure out why I keep arriving at complicated schema in an effort to organize things. Right now I have 5 different governing "lists" that operate on different timescales and in different mediums:
 - Semester-long physical whiteboard
 - Github repository with semester-long goals itemized and detailed
 - Weekly habits list (checkboxes, printed on cardstock)
 - Running weekly to-do list on 8.5x11 paper
 - Daily todo list broken down by time chunks (by-the-hour)

Surely not all of these are necessary? But losing any one of them feels like I am accomplishing less, or at least that accomplished are less noticed when they do happen, at least noticed by me - which is the only person with any governing authority over this entire system.

I strive to have clean, simple systems for me to do what I want - or what I say I want at a given time. But apparently this isn't so easy for me. Damn you, myself...
